=== 3.2.0

Sun Apr  7 22:06:50 EEST 2013

* Add coffee-chrome template.

* Update deps version numbers.

* Ruby is not cool anymore. It's time to move on.

=== 3.1.0

Thu May 24 23:20:04 EEST 2012

* Fix a long standing issue with redundant '-t' CLO after a project was
  generated.

* Fix empty value of template version in .falsework file.

* Tell user if she doesn't have '#config.yaml' file in her template if
  she is trying to add files to a project afterwards.

=== 3.0.0

Sun Apr 29 12:22:27 EEST 2012

* *INCOMPATIBILITY:* symbols in template's <tt>#config.yaml</tt> are
  strings.

* *INCOMPATIBILITY:* 'listdirs' is 'list dirs' now.

* *INCOMPATIBILITY:* <tt>:tdir</tt> symbol in falsework.yaml is a string 'tdir'.

* *INCOMPATIBILITY:* CLO are parsed from left to right only & some
  options are command-specific, for example, 'falsework new foo -v -t
  c-glib' won't work, because 'new' command doesn't know '-v' and '-t'
  options (they are global).

* New command: file.

* 'upgrade' command has subcommands: list, list obsolete, check.

* Upgrading procedure injects a special 'note' into projects:
  <tt>.falsework</tt> file. Upgraded files are no longer contain
  embedded marks in them.

=== 2.1.0

Mon Apr 23 16:17:18 EEST 2012

* 'ruby-cli' uses bundler for bulding gem.

* CliConfig#optParse allows user to set a banner.

=== 2.0.0

Fri Jan 27 22:11:06 EET 2012

* <b>WARNING:</b> 'ruby-naive' template is now called 'ruby-cli'. <b>You
  cannot upgrade to it</b> because everything changed in it to be more
  pretty.

* New command: listdirs.

* User can specify additional directories for templates.

=== 1.3.1

Fri Jan 27 12:07:55 EET 2012

* Fixed exclude pattern in gemspec for rdoc.

=== 1.3.0

Mon Nov  7 07:15:00 EET 2011

* <b>WARNING:</b> 'naive' template is now called 'ruby-naive'. To upgrade
  to a new template you must manually find all files in your project
  directory which contain a line like:

    # Don't remove this: falsework/0.2.8/naive/2011-08-05T16:59:19+03:00

  and replace it to:

    # Don't remove this: falsework/0.2.8/ruby-naive/2011-08-05T16:59:19+03:00

  Then run 'falsework upgrade' as usual.

* Added 'c-glib' template.

* '--no-git' CLO.

* Generalized template spec: it's possible to have templates for
  non-Ruby programs.

* Template may have a '#config.yaml' file in its root directory.

* 'list' command displays a directory where the template is located.

=== 0.2.8

Fri Aug  5 16:57:06 EEST 2011

* Fixed a bug with minitest's capture_io.

=== 0.2.7

Sun Jul 17 01:23:32 EEST 2011

* Fixed a bug with symlinks in Trestle.gem_libdir.

=== 0.2.6

Fri Jul 15 20:07:45 EEST 2011

* Updates for rubygems 1.8.5 and rake 0.9.2.

=== 0.2.4

Thu May  5 23:45:24 EEST 2011

* Minor Rakefile update (including the template) to reflect rubygems 1.8
  changes.

* Added Gemfile.erb to naive template.

=== 0.2.3

Mon Jan  3 12:41:16 EET 2011

* 'exe' command will add 2 files: an executable and a corresponding
  .rdoc file.

* Fix a small bug in naive template.

=== 0.2.2

Sun Dec 26 04:48:46 EET 2010

*  An ability to upgrade a project from a newest template.

=== 0.1.2

Wed Dec 22 19:09:01 EET 2010

* Create a git repository automatically for a new project.

* Generate a gem file list from git ls-tree.
