= How To Write a Template


== Naming Scheme

A recommended scheme is <tt>language-name</tt>, for example,
<tt>ruby-naive</tt>, <tt>java-android</tt>, <tt>c-gtk</tt>. Try to use
the name <= 30 characters in length (this is just a advice, not a
restriction).


== Location

Your personal templates must be in <tt>~/.falsework/templates</tt>
directory. To view all currently available templates, run <tt>falsework
list</tt>.

To add another directory to a search list (visible via <tt>falsework
list dirs</tt>), modify value of +tdir+ key in
<tt>~/.falsework/falsework.yaml</tt>. The value must be an array of
readable directories.


== Hierarchy

The file hierarchy in your template directory represents the hierarchy
of a project generated from it. Any file you place in the directory of a
particular template goes to the future project. (See an exception
below.) Typically, the name of the file stays the same too.

If you don't want some file to appear in the resulting project, prefix
the file wit a '#' character, for example, <tt>#mytest.c</tt>.

There are some files falsework ignores, for example
<tt>.gitignore</tt>. To include such files, add a <tt>.#erb</tt>
extension to its name.

There is also a special <tt>#config.yaml</tt> file in the root directory
of the template. It is an instruction for the template how to behave on
inject falsework commands.


== How Template Files are Processed

Every file (except <tt>#config.yaml</tt>) is considered a Ruby erb
template. Naturally you want to have some dynamic places in your
template that are different from project to project, for example, its
name.

=== The list of useful variables

@classy::           A name of the project including spaces, for example,
                    'Foo Bar Pro'

@project::          A lowercase derivative from @classy that is suited
                    for executable name and Github, for example,
                    'foo_bar_pro'.

@camelcase::        Can be used as a module name, for example,
                    'FooBarPro'.

uuid::              A string like 'D93E3B05_DAFA_C1F6_8EEA_DBBA1E8DA432'.
                    It's unique for every file.


@user::             Github user name.

@email::            User email.

@gecos::            A full user name.

=== Variables available only for inject falsework commands

target::            Equivalent of @project.
target_camelcase::  Equivalent of @camelcase.
target_classy::     Equivalent of @classy.


== Inject Configuration

When user types

 % falsework -t c-glib test foobar

falsework looks info <tt>#config.yaml</tt> file in the <tt>c-glib</tt>
template directory, searches for 'test' key and iterates on its value to
read some file in the template directory, write that file somewhere and
set it permission afterwards.

The default configuration is:

 ---
 exe:
 - src: null
   dest: bin/%s'
   mode_int: 0744

 doc:
 - src: null
   dest: 'doc/%s.rdoc'
   mode_int: null

 test:
 - src: null
   dest: 'test/test_%s.rb'
   mode_int: null

The value of each top level key is an array, so you can inject several
files at once.

src::       A relative path to a file (that usually prefixed with
            '#' & hidden from a generator). When +src+ is +null+, the
            key is ignored and nothing is injected.

dest::      A sub-key can have <tt>%s</tt> in it which will be replaced with
            a target value ('foobar' in the example above).

mode_int::  Permission bits.

Top level keys must be one of: +exe+, +doc+, +test+ or +file+ string
values. Each of these strings correspond to a hard-coded command in
+falsework+ executable.


== Upgrade command

Any template may have instructions for updating files in old
projects. To make your template 'upgradable', add to
<tt>#config.yaml</tt>:

 version: 2.3.4
 upgrade:
   obsolete:
	 - some/file
   files:
	 - foo
	 - bar/baz
   from: 1.2.3

where

version::  Sets a current version of the template. Required.

obsolete:: Means a list of files that user may delete. Optional.

files::    A list of 'upgradable' files. It must be relative to the
           template directory. Required.

from::     A minimal template version number from which it is possible to
           perform an upgrade. Required.
